aumale will pretty much clean it
I do not really want her to go
work me
click make a computer and sectioned
train to write you can buy
in construction mode of the ordis
office category I had not seen his
career to train has programmed that
it's for the gentleman to write is training
to write yes but she will work
I wish there had been no
blow I think I'm going to do
to resign
the head of louise is not going
surely not appreciated his absence
it was really what lacks the work
yes she will resign I do not want
to miss her childbirth she gets
will find another job
after this dramatic
you're really resigning yes she
does not have a job anyway
seem to really want a job she
did not care how excited about
nature to you it's true I have not yet
of friends I think I know people who
could have done even smaller the
case gpo who knows all this
it's a challenge for
men
I would like mega the left now that
there is started to sleep
louisa to meet her
little bit of cabbage very uncomfortable but
there and that's closing to a guy at the
loa the hospital
but what will we follow at the hospital ah
no one elected there sleeps quiet
no you give them your wife no but
you Wednesday
so she got pregnant the
Sunday after 9pm she gave birth to
Wednesday after 21h leisure to give
birth to a little girl this baby has
need a name how would you like
call him a little girl
we will call it 3000 or Lille where pretty
do not even have time to go ah yes
so the pbi links to pop and in the
room in there directly he did
not even had time to go to the hospital
to the father that's all I can
do with the child hug
to talk make a grin dodeliner
rocked babble change the layer feed
bottle-feeding changed from age to directly
okay or show to the mom saw it I
can not click on it
can I move the cradle yes
I can move around the corner I can move it
in the construction mode
so we'll go feed a
old breastfeeding see what it does
when they first want ben ali to themselves
feed after
and him whom I blamed
an evil to find the vine at the knees
to the islands or blurred
no
hear on
I'm not sure how he goes months the baby
on the other hand, or how long it will
stay like that what gives
I still can not eat them Moses
carrots cooking and retains bag of bones
dollar and sandwich 3 dollars that's
very good but we will make a friend
because I'm tired of cooking and
here
at least massive no longer poses the baby
on the ground as soon as it has to
something since the child stick to
cradle
I think it's not worse and
I really like having the option
directly changed age for those who
I 'm not interested in having a child
who does not do anything except
claim to eat so I had my
first child who stays well sticking a
cradle until actually grow
now we will do the next one
episode
see you soon ciao